feat: support for custom assertions functions (#837)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/rules/assertions.md

nonEmpty | `boolean` | Asserts a property is not empty. See [nonEmpty example](#nonempty-example).
minLength | `integer` | Asserts a minimum length (inclusive) of a string or list (array). See [minLength example](#minlength-example).
maxLength | `integer` | Asserts a maximum length (exclusive) of a string or list (array). See [maxLength example](#maxlength-example).
ref | `boolean \| string` | Asserts a reference object presence in object's property. A boolean value of `true` means the property has a `$ref` defined. A boolean value of `false` means the property has not defined a `$ref` (it has an in-place value). A string value means that the `$ref` is defined and the unresolved value must match the pattern (for example, `'/paths\/.*\.yaml$/'`). See [ref example](#ref-example).|

> `{pluginId}/{functionName}` | `object` | Custom assert that describes in plugin. This function will be called with options which describes in value. See [custom function expample](#custom-function-example).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{pluginId}/{functionName}` | `object` | Custom assert that describes in plugin. This function will be called with options which describes in value. See [custom function example](#custom-function-example).|
```

See the [context example](#context-example).

## Function object

Property | Type | Description
-- | -- | --

> name | `string` | Function name in plugin file.

Author: Describe function name pattern

> options | `options` | Options that  will be as a first parameter in custom function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
options | `options` | Options are the first parameter in a custom function.
```

  disallowed: ['application/pdf']
```

### Custom function example

The following example asserts that `Operation` summary should start with an active verb and have at least three words.

The configuration file uses two custom functions `local/checkWordsStarts` and `local/checkWordsCount`. `local/checkWordsStarts` has a list of `words` in the options. `local/checkWordsCount` has options with `min` which means that summary field should have a minimum number of words.

In `plugin.js` each functions retrieves its options, checks for problems, and returns a list of problems.

Each function is called with the following parameters:

Property | Type | Description
-- | -- | --
value | `string` \| [`string`] | Value that appears at the corresponding location.
options | `object` | Options that is described in config file.
location | `Location Object` | Location in the source document. See [Location Object](../resources/custom-rules.md#location-object)
**Return**
problems | [`Problem`] | List of problems. Empty list indicates that all checks are valid.

`Problem`
Property | Type | Description
-- | -- | --

> message | `string` \| [`string`] | Problem message that will displayed in result

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
message | `string` \| [`string`] | Problem message that will be displayed in result
```

  disallowed: ['application/pdf']
```

### Custom function example

The following example asserts that `Operation` summary should start with an active verb and have at least three words.

> In `.redocly.yaml` describes two custom functions `local/checkWordsStarts` and `local/checkWordsCount`. `local/checkWordsStarts` has in options list of `words`. `local/checkWordsCount` has in options `min` which means that summary field should have `min` words. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file uses two custom functions `local/checkWordsStarts` and `local/checkWordsCount`. `local/checkWordsStarts` has a list of `words` in the options. `local/checkWordsCount` has options with `min` which means that summary field should have a minimum number of words.
```

> In `plugin.js` inside functions we retrieve this options and make checks. Function called with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `plugin.js` each functions retrieves its options, checks for problems, and returns a list of problems. Each function is called with the following parameters.
```

Property | Type | Description
-- | -- | --
value | `string` \| [`string`] | Value which selected.
options | `object` | Options that is described in config file.
location | `Location Object` | Location in the source document. See [Location Object](../resources/custom-rules.md#location-object)

`.redocly.yaml`
```yaml

> assert/:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert/consistent-summary:
```
giving it a name

  subject: Operation
  property: summary
  message: Operation summary should start with an active verb
    local/checkWordsStarts: 
      words: 
        - Create
        - Retrieve
        - Merge
        - Delete
        - List
        - Upsert
        - Update
        - Approve
        - Reject
    local/checkWordsCount: 
      min: 3
```
`plugin.js`
```js
module.exports = {
  id: 'local',
  assertions: {
    checkWordsStarts: (value, opts, location) => {
      const regexp = new RegExp(`^${opts.words.join("|")}`)

>       if (regexp.test(value)) {
>         return { isValid: true };
>       }
>       return { isValid: false, location };

Reviewer 3: We need to change all our assertions to return a list of problems instead of this object. This will allow a custom function to report more than one problem and we'll be able to provide a default message. (messages are not used right now but we want to make them used as part of assertion finalization)

```suggestion
      if (regexp.test(value)) {
        return []; // empty problems list means assertion passed
      }
      return [{ message: `should start from ${value}`, location };
```

Author: Nice idea. We can show message from function if exist, if not -- from assertion.

    },

>     checkWordsCount: (value, opts, location) => {

Reviewer: In the table above we use "options" should we use `opts`?
